<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [AnimationCommon][1]
-   [AnimationStatusContext][2]
    -   [Properties][3]
-   [AnimationControlContext][4]
    -   [Properties][5]
-   [AnimationDataContext][6]
    -   [Properties][7]
-   [animated][8]
    -   [Parameters][9]
-   [AnimatedContent][10]
    -   [Parameters][11]

## AnimationCommon

Provides the definition of all animation contexts, the `animated`
function and all implemented interpolations.

## AnimationStatusContext

Context specifying the current state of animation's playback.

Type: React.Context

### Properties

-   `isPlaying` **[boolean][12]** Is set to `true` if the animation is playing or wants to play,
    but is waiting for data, `false` otherwise.
-   `isBuffering` **[boolean][12]** Is set to `true` if the animation is waiting for data, `false`
    otherwise.
-   `position` **[number][13]** Current playback position as an Unix
    timestamp.
-   `playbackSpeedFactor` **[number][13]** Float specifying the playback's
    speed.
-   `error` **[object][14]** Object describing arisen animation's error if any,
    `null` otherwise.

## AnimationControlContext

Context specifying the currently available animation control functions.

Type: React.Context

### Properties

-   `play` **[function][15]** Initiates paused playback.
-   `pause` **[function][15]** Temporarily terminates playback.
-   `jumpForward` **[function][15]** Shifts the playback position forwards by a
    specified number of milliseconds passed as an argument.
-   `jumpBackward` **[function][15]** Shifts the playback position backwards by a
    specified number of milliseconds passed as an argument.
-   `seek` **[function][15]** Sets the playback position to the given
    timestamp passed as an argument.
-   `stop` **[function][15]** Resets the playback. Shorthand for pausing the
    playback and then seeking to its beginning.

## AnimationDataContext

Context specifying the visualization data for the current playback position.

Type: React.Context

### Properties

-   `dataSrcKey` **[Object][14]** Visualization data generated by the Data
    source with the given key. Note: `dataSrcKey` only stands for the actual key
    of a Data source.

## animated

Higher-Order component that transforms still visualization components into
their animated versions.

### Parameters

-   `VisualizationComp` **React.Component** Still visualization component,
    whose animated version should the function create.

Returns **React.Component** Given visualization component wrapped by [AnimatedContent][10].

## AnimatedContent

**Extends Component**

Component that wraps visualization components, which can then be
animated. Consumes [AnimationDataContext][6] and [AnimationStatusContext][2].

### Parameters

-   `props` **[object][14]** 
    -   `props.dataSourceKey` **[string][16]** Key of the Data source, from which to
        forward the visualization data to the wrapped visualization component.
        The data are passed to the wrapped component through the `data`
        property.

[1]: #animationcommon

[2]: #animationstatuscontext

[3]: #properties

[4]: #animationcontrolcontext

[5]: #properties-1

[6]: #animationdatacontext

[7]: #properties-2

[8]: #animated

[9]: #parameters

[10]: #animatedcontent

[11]: #parameters-1

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[16]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
